1:21
"The first three were dodge, why the big surprise?"

duds, aka they were flops or had a bad turnout

1:39
Okay, but before I do you gotta give me a kiss of good night.

neither, just a "a kiss goodnight"

2:33
JIM: Mathias Barrel?

Mathias Burrel

JIM: Immanuel Mayar?

Mayer

JIM: Maytina Lokye?

Maitena Lecuyer

3:11
WILLIAM: Anyway, I bet that what you had to do was so imporant last night.
And I’m gonna find out what your big secret is. You bet on that.

WILLIAM: Anyway, I’d like to know what you had to do that was so important last night.

3:30
cemester

semester

ODD: Is Judath Nevers going out with Ronald Limozan?

ULRICH: Who are Judath Nevers and Ronald Limozan?

ODD: Is Judith Nivers going out with Ronald Limozin?

ULRICH: Who are Judith Nivers and Ronald Limozin?

4:28
JEREMIE: Well, actually, I wasn’t supposed to tell you,
but they’re preparing a surprise for your class Mr. Feemy.

Mr. Fumet

JEREMIE: On June 28th 1914, the sergeans assasinated the France fertinand thewf. To the austrian-hungarian emperor, Josif.

JEREMIE: On June 28th 1914, a Serbian student assassinated Archduke Franz Ferdinand nephew of air to the Austrian-Hungarian emperor, Franz Joseph.

This took place in Bosnia-Herzegovina.
Political alliances were reinforced and within’ a few days all of Europe became involved.

If it helps, you can slow down the playback of the video so it's a little easier to process.

5:28
The armistries signed in late October and early November of 1918 put an end to the fighting

but peacetreates had to be drawn up for a definitive end to the war
that most people hoped would be the war to end all wars, clearing the way for lasting peace


armistice, means a mutual agreement to stop fighting

peace treaties, written documents that are contracts for two people not to fight

and the adaption of peace treaties submitted to the defeated nations.

adoption of peace...

6:28
But since as someone once said a picture’s worth a thousand words,
here’s a demonstration mayore finace.

admire the finesse, no it's English, means to appreciate the carefulness of something

6:47
JEREMIE: Feemy said a one page presentation, he didn’t give us any time limits.

It's Fumet

7:13

ULRICH: Why don’t I glomp him up?

ULRICH: Why don’t I clobber him?

7:48
ODD: That’s not his style. And besides, this is an emerency Ulrich, we need Yumi.
We don’t know what kind of traitory Xana’s preparing.

emergency
dirty trick Xana's preparing

