 2:05
 Sector Five, not Sector 5, never spell out Five like this
 
 2:10
Yeah, that’s right. By intorpolorating the source codes and plains in quantum space, we can go around the Icenberg’s uncertainty theory the only risk is coming up with a mathematical singularity.
-->
Yeah, that’s right. By interpolating the source codes and Planck’s quantum space,
we can go around the Heisenberg Uncertainty Theory.

The only risk is coming up with a mathematical singularity.

2:32
Stringbean

4:39
advantagne
-->
advantage

7:02
Maybe emmergent property appeared in the algorythm
setting all of the normal functioning of a virtualization. It’s possible.
-->
Maybe emergent property appeared in the algorithms
and all through the normal functioning of a virtualization. It’s possible.

7:34
Oy you migdy mutt!
-->
Oh, you mangy mutt!

8:09
DEFAULT: (BARKING)
-->
KIWI: (BARKING)

9:54
Oh no, no. Please do not now.
The academic review is the right time to deal with him.
-->
Oh no, no. Please, Jim, not now.
The academic review is the right time to deal with him.

I’ve got a date with Pedro for this Sunday afternoon dance and project
and I got to learn how to dance the tango by then or he won’t pay any attention to me.
-->
I’ve got a date with Pedro for this Sunday afternoon dance and brunch,
and I got to learn how to dance the tango by then. 

If I don’t, he won’t pay any attention to me.

10:33
Argentinan tango!
-->
Argentine tango!

11:27
DROPPED LINE
MR. DELMAS: Odd Della Robbia, it’s time for your classes academic review.
You are the class representative.

12:02
acending
-->
ascending

decending
-->
descending

14:59 dat delmas face doe

16:02
scandalism
-->
scandalous

conserned
-->
concerned

16:45
You were once on the lessons.
-->
You were once adolescents.

17:20
shool
-->
school

17:44
MS. HERTZ: I disagree completely.
And as the senior teacher I feel absolutely bound to oppose my veto.
Stern should be transferred to the ninth grade remedial and that’s all.

Absolutely no triple line breaks.

oppose
-->
impose


18:18
Listen Susanne, if you give Stern a second chance then
you have my word that I’ll teach you the tango, the rumba,
cha-cha-cha and any other stupid- uh, ballroom dance you want, I swear.

You're killin me, Ten

18:43
thumbtwibbling
-->
thumb-twiddling

19:44
rahter
-->
rather

21:06
Who would’ve left our gym teacher on the floor asleep?
-->
Who went and left our gym teacher on the floor asleep?

21:20
Oh I know, easy for you to say.
I only have two legs, you know?
-->
Move it, huh? Easy for you to say.
I only have two legs, you know?

22:59
pasadouble
-->
Pasodoble

23:14
rouble
-->
herbal
